# -msc-cc-21-unit-critical-studies
## homework

*week_1*

###### A LETTER TO MYSELF

I studied graphic design as an undergraduate and at that time I spent more energy exploring how I could present my ideas in a visual way. But most of the time, the people who see my work, they can't understand it. Unless they read the project description, they might figure out the meaning behind it. Some people say this is how art should look like. But I don't think so, I think art is a form of conveying messages and ideas that can be understood at a glance. Secondly, most of my projects are commercial in nature, such as brand identities, logos and brand packaging. I don't disagree that this is a good way to develop my aesthetic and software skills, but it's just within a small framework that I can't escape from, where I just accept the ideas of the leaders rather than think independently. I believe that in various courses I can express my ideas better through computer thinking rather than vague abstractions and can think independently and apply computer thinking to practice and combine it with visual graphics, which I am better at, to better express my ideas.

In this course, because I had never been exposed to the field before, I started out trying to figure out what computational thinking was and how I could apply it to my creative practice. I think it's about thinking critically in a computational way. It's a way of solving problems that gives us a huge amount of convenience and makes more of the impossible possible, but it can also have some negative aspects, and according to Steve (2014) the emphasis on computational thinking encourages computer scientists to think too narrowly about the problems they can solve, thus avoiding the social, ethical and environmental implications of the technologies they create. For example, during the pandemic in China, people were asked to show their travel codes to ensure they had never been to a high-risk area. This was a good way to prevent the spread of Covid, but it also limited people's freedom. This shows that computational thinking has its drawbacks, and I would like to explore more about the impact it can have, whether it is positive or negative.

As this may amount to starting from scratch for me, I should read more of the relevant literature and works. This will give me more ideas and thoughts on how to think more holistically and critically about the impact of computational thinking on us. Also, like Hunter said, hopefully writing will be an easy task for me when the course is over. And one last thing, wish me luck.
